README.md, before:

# RPVoiceChat - A proximity voip mod for Vintage Story

## Table of contents
- [About](#about)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration (For users)](#configuration-users)
- [Configuration (For server owners)](#configuration-server)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)

## About
RPVoiceChat is a proximity voip mod for Vintage Story. It allows players to talk to each other in-game using their microphone. The volume of the voice depends on the distance between the players. The mod is partially inspired by the mod [TFAR](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=894678801) for [Arma3](https://arma3.com/) as well as the mod [Simple Voice Chat](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-voice-chat) for [Minecraft](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us).

Not only does the mod allow players to talk to each other in-game, but it also adds various communication-centric content to the game. But that will all be configurable.

## Installation
1. Download the latest version of the mod from the [mod page](https://mods.vintagestory.at/rpvoicechat).
2. Place the downloaded file in the `Mods` folder of your Vintage Story installation.
3. Start the game and enjoy!
4. (Optional): Double check your keybinds in the settings menu. All keybinds start with `RPVoice` and are located in the hud and interface category.

## Server Setup
1. Start your server.
2. Done!
3. (Optional): If you're experiencing exceptional slowdown you may wanna try the advanced setup guide. (Not currently written but if you know what you are doing see comment on [this issue.](https://github.com/Ridderrasmus/RPVoiceChat/issues/131#issuecomment-2253090923))
 
## Usage
### Talking
To talk to other players you will need to set up your audio input threshold or turn on push to talk (PTT) in the config menu.
The default keybind for the config menu is `P` and the default keybind for PTT is `CAPS LOCK`. (Note as of current game version these keybinds cannot be applied to mouse buttons)

### Different voice levels
There are currently 3 different voice levels in the mod. These are whisper, normal and shout.
The default keybind to change between these is `Shift + Tab`. This can be changed in the settings menu.

### Configuring audio
You can configure your microphone volume and the volume of everyone else in your config menu.

## <a name="configuration-users"></a>Configuration (For users)
The mod is highly configurable and can be configured more deeply in the modconfig file. You'll find this file in the `ModConfig` folder in the same directory as your `Mods` folder. The file is called `rpvoicechat.json`.

The settings relevant to users are:
- `ManualPortForwarding` - Determines whether the mod should skip port forwarding with UPnP and assume that ports are open. **Setting this to true means that you take full responsibility for opening ports and if they are not open mod will work incorrectly.** The default value is `false`.
 
## <a name="configuration-server"></a>Configuration (For server owners)
The mod is highly configurable and can be configured more deeply in the modconfig file. You'll find this file in the `ModConfig` folder in the same directory as your `Mods` folder. The file is called `rpvoicechat.json`.

The settings relevant to server owners are:
- `ManualPortForwarding` - Determines whether the mod should skip port forwarding with UPnP and assume that ports are open. **Setting this to true means that you take full responsibility for opening ports and if they are not open mod will work incorrectly.** The default value is `false`.
- `ServerPort` - The port to use for the voice networking. The default value is `52525`.
- `ServerIP` - The ip for clients to connect to. Leave it as is unless you are playing through LAN, in which case set it to address of your private network(e.g. `"25.95.127.13"`). The default value is `null`.
- `AdditionalContent` - Whether additional modded content(bells, horns, etc) should be enabled. The default value is `true`.
- `UseCustomNetworkServers` - Can be used to enable UDP and CustomTCP transports. As of v2.3.4 NativeTCP is unaffected by lag so there is little to no benefits from running custom servers. The default value is `false`.

You can also use `/rpvc [command]` to access world-specific settings:
- `shout` - Sets the shout distance in blocks. The default value is `25`.
- `talk` - Sets the talk distance in blocks. The default value is `15`.
- `whisper` - Sets the whisper distance in blocks. The default value is `5`.
- `reset` - Resets the audio distances to their default settings.
- `info` - Displays current audio distances and states of toggles.
- `forcenametags` - If you use mods that hide player name tags you can disable this setting to keep them hidden. The default value is `true`.
- `encodeaudio` - If you encounter distorted/out of order audio you can disable thus setting and see if it helps. **Be aware that this will drastically increase bandwidth usage for everyone on the server.** The default value is `true`.

## Maintainers
Currently the mod is maintained by the following people:
- [Ridderrasmus](https://github.com/Ridderrasmus) - Creator and maintainer
- [Dmitry221060](https://github.com/Dmitry221060) - Maintainer
- [RomainOdeval](https://github.com/RomainOdeval) - Maintainer
- [Faithfulshot](https://github.com/Faithfulshot) - 3d models
- [Nixie]() - Audio design

The mod was previously maintained by the following people:
- [blakdragan7](https://github.com/blakdragan7) - Maintainer

If you want to add something to the mod, feel free to make a pull request.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact me on discord (ridderrasmus).

Commit message:

Compatibility custom voice + param wall thickness weighting (#143)
* Add a default voice icon (still WIP but good enough for now)
* Display default voice icon per default to be compatible with mods adding custom voices
* Create a variable "wall thickness weighting" to allow server admin to adapt this value if they want a more important "muffling" effect
* Update main translation file
* Update README.md with new command line
* Update/clean code to prepare for the use of sound effects

README.md, after:

# RPVoiceChat - A proximity voip mod for Vintage Story

## Table of contents
- [About](#about)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration (For users)](#configuration-users)
- [Configuration (For server owners)](#configuration-server)
- [Maintainers](#maintainers)

## About
RPVoiceChat is a proximity voip mod for Vintage Story. It allows players to talk to each other in-game using their microphone. The volume of the voice depends on the distance between the players. The mod is partially inspired by the mod [TFAR](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=894678801) for [Arma3](https://arma3.com/) as well as the mod [Simple Voice Chat](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-voice-chat) for [Minecraft](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us).

Not only does the mod allow players to talk to each other in-game, but it also adds various communication-centric content to the game. But that will all be configurable.

## Installation
1. Download the latest version of the mod from the [mod page](https://mods.vintagestory.at/rpvoicechat).
2. Place the downloaded file in the `Mods` folder of your Vintage Story installation.
3. Start the game and enjoy!
4. (Optional): Double check your keybinds in the settings menu. All keybinds start with `RPVoice` and are located in the hud and interface category.

## Server Setup
1. Start your server.
2. Done!
3. (Optional): If you're experiencing exceptional slowdown you may wanna try the advanced setup guide. (Not currently written but if you know what you are doing see comment on [this issue.](https://github.com/Ridderrasmus/RPVoiceChat/issues/131#issuecomment-2253090923))
 
## Usage
### Talking
To talk to other players you will need to set up your audio input threshold or turn on push to talk (PTT) in the config menu.
The default keybind for the config menu is `P` and the default keybind for PTT is `CAPS LOCK`. (Note as of current game version these keybinds cannot be applied to mouse buttons)

### Different voice levels
There are currently 3 different voice levels in the mod. These are whisper, normal and shout.
The default keybind to change between these is `Shift + Tab`. This can be changed in the settings menu.

### Configuring audio
You can configure your microphone volume and the volume of everyone else in your config menu.

## <a name="configuration-users"></a>Configuration (For users)
The mod is highly configurable and can be configured more deeply in the modconfig file. You'll find this file in the `ModConfig` folder in the same directory as your `Mods` folder. The file is called `rpvoicechat.json`.

The settings relevant to users are:
- `ManualPortForwarding` - Determines whether the mod should skip port forwarding with UPnP and assume that ports are open. **Setting this to true means that you take full responsibility for opening ports and if they are not open mod will work incorrectly.** The default value is `false`.
 
## <a name="configuration-server"></a>Configuration (For server owners)
The mod is highly configurable and can be configured more deeply in the modconfig file. You'll find this file in the `ModConfig` folder in the same directory as your `Mods` folder. The file is called `rpvoicechat.json`.

The settings relevant to server owners are:
- `ManualPortForwarding` - Determines whether the mod should skip port forwarding with UPnP and assume that ports are open. **Setting this to true means that you take full responsibility for opening ports and if they are not open mod will work incorrectly.** The default value is `false`.
- `ServerPort` - The port to use for the voice networking. The default value is `52525`.
- `ServerIP` - The ip for clients to connect to. Leave it as is unless you are playing through LAN, in which case set it to address of your private network(e.g. `"25.95.127.13"`). The default value is `null`.
- `AdditionalContent` - Whether additional modded content(bells, horns, etc) should be enabled. The default value is `true`.
- `UseCustomNetworkServers` - Can be used to enable UDP and CustomTCP transports. As of v2.3.4 NativeTCP is unaffected by lag so there is little to no benefits from running custom servers. The default value is `false`.

You can also use `/rpvc [command]` to access world-specific settings:
- `shout` - Sets the shout distance in blocks. The default value is `25`.
- `talk` - Sets the talk distance in blocks. The default value is `15`.
- `whisper` - Sets the whisper distance in blocks. The default value is `5`.
- `reset` - Resets the audio distances to their default settings.
- `info` - Displays current audio distances and states of toggles.
- `forcenametags` - If you use mods that hide player name tags you can disable this setting to keep them hidden. The default value is `true`.
- `encodeaudio` - If you encounter distorted/out of order audio you can disable thus setting and see if it helps. **Be aware that this will drastically increase bandwidth usage for everyone on the server.** The default value is `true`.
- `wtw` - Sets the weighting applied on wall thickness calculation for muffling. Values below 1 will increase muffling effect, values upper 1 will reduced it. The default value is `2`.

## Maintainers
Currently the mod is maintained by the following people:
- [Ridderrasmus](https://github.com/Ridderrasmus) - Creator and maintainer
- [Dmitry221060](https://github.com/Dmitry221060) - Maintainer
- [RomainOdeval](https://github.com/RomainOdeval) - Maintainer
- [Faithfulshot](https://github.com/Faithfulshot) - 3d models
- [Nixie]() - Audio design

The mod was previously maintained by the following people:
- [blakdragan7](https://github.com/blakdragan7) - Maintainer

If you want to add something to the mod, feel free to make a pull request.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact me on discord (ridderrasmus).
